Grab Timestamps from Metric (#167)
prometheus-community/json_exporter: README.md

```
Then head over to http://localhost:9090/graph?g0.range_input=1h&g0.expr=example_value_active&g0.tab=1 or http://localhost:9090/targets to check the scraped metrics or the targets.

## Using custom timestamps

> This exporter allows you to use a field of the metric as the (unix/epoch) timestamp for the data as an int64. However, this may lead to unexpected behaviour, as the prometheus implements a [Staleness](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/#staleness) mechanism. Effectively, this means that samples older than 5 minutes can not be scrapped and will be ignored by the prometheus instance.

Reviewer: This is not exactly how timestamps interact with staleness handling. In reality, timestamps can be as old as the last persisted block (up to 2 hours).

```suggestion
This exporter allows you to use a field of the metric as the (unix/epoch) timestamp for the data as an int64. However, this may lead to unexpected behaviour, as the prometheus implements a [Staleness](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/#staleness) mechanism. Including timestamps in metrics disabled this staleness handling and can make data visible for longer than expected.
```
